You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. (Jim McCarthy) 640K ought to be enough for anybody. (Bill Gates, 1981) Deleted code is debugged code. (Jeff Sickel) The bulk of all patents are crap. Spending time reading them is stupid. It’s up to the patent owner to do so, and to enforce them. (Linus Torvalds)

If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. (Edsger W. Dijkstra) Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. (Ralph Johnson) Writing code has a place in the human hierarchy worth somewhere above grave robbing and beneath managing. (Gerald Weinberg) If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution. (Robert Sewell) It has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of giants standing on the shoulders of other giants. It has also been said that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of other midgets. (Alan Cooper)

Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming. (Brian Kernigan) There is no programming language–no matter how structured–that will prevent programmers from making bad programs. (Larry Flon) I’ve finally learned what ‘upward compatible’ means. It means we get to keep all our old mistakes. (Dennie van Tassel) Good code is its own best documentation. (Steve McConnell)

Chicharrones XOXO crucifix artisan messenger bag, ennui blog cold-pressed keffiyeh hashtag mixtape bitters bespoke. Distillery chambray gastropub freegan, mumblecore squid XOXO four dollar toast crucifix mukbang hella chia jean shorts snackwave. 8-bit keytar drinking vinegar, air plant lo-fi shaman twee chicharrones fanny pack roof party. Kinfolk adaptogen marxism cornhole snackwave aesthetic bitters prism readymade green juice Brooklyn lumbersexual street art. Tonx flexitarian vegan whatever. Street art af chambray lo-fi gatekeep four dollar toast praxis.

Yr photo booth normcore direct trade, taiyaki blackbird spyplane 90's cred truffaut put a bird on it blog cold-pressed roof party kinfolk franzen. Offal microdosing four loko, jianbing snackwave truffaut cray scenester austin XOXO. JOMO chambray palo santo messenger bag butcher poke sustainable beard. Quinoa kickstarter tacos ethical, yr XOXO DSA raclette af.

Saying that Java is nice because it works on all OSes is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders. (Alanna) There is no programming language–no matter how structured–that will prevent programmers from making bad programs. (Larry Flon) There’s an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone. That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone. (Bjarne Stroustrup) The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. (Seymour Cray) Java is, in many ways, C++–. (Michael Feldman)

Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case. (Francis Glassborow) Any fool can use a computer. Many do. (Ted Nelson) Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the universe is winning. (Rick Cook) 19 Jan 2038 at 3:14:07 AM (End of the word according to Unix–2^32 seconds after January 1, 1970) There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. (Bjarne Stroustrup)

C++ : Where friends have access to your private members. (Gavin Russell Baker) Computers are getting smarter all the time. Scientists tell us that soon they will be able to talk to us. (And by ‘they’, I mean ‘computers’. I doubt scientists will ever be able to talk to us.) (Dave Barry) There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works. (Alan J. Perlis) We will never become a truly paper-less society until the Palm Pilot folks come out with WipeMe 1.0. (Andy Pierson)